MSX Toolkit Functions
For reference see: EPANET programmer's toolkit Windows help file, and EPANET/MSX User's Guide
Report bugs, inconsistencies, or errors to Feng Shang or Jim Uber

Initialization
MSXMatlabSetup  - Opens the MSX DLL library and sets global variables required by the Matlab MSX Toolkit
MSXMatlabCleanup.m - Closes the MSX DLL library

MSXopen         - Opens the EPANET-MSX toolkit system.
MSXclose        - Closes the EPANET-MSX toolkit system.
MSXsolveH       - Solves for system hydraulics over the entire simulation period,
                saving results to an internal scratch file.
MSXusehydfile   - Uses a previously saved EPANET hydraulics file as the source of hydraulic information.
MSXsolveQ       - Solves for water quality over the entire simulation period and
                saves the results to an internal scratch file.
MSXinit         -  Initializes the MSX system before solving for water quality results in a step-wise fashion.
MSXstep         -  Advances the water quality solution through a single water quality time
                step when performing a step-wise simulation.
MSXsaveoutfile  - Saves water quality results computed for each node,
                link and reporting time period to a named binary file.
MSXsavemsxfile  - Saves the data associated with the current MSX project into a new MSX input file.
MSXreport       - Writes water quality simulations results as instructed by the MSX input file to a text file.
MSXgetindex     - Retrieves the internal index number of an MSX object given its ID name.
MSXgetIDlen     -  Retrieves the number of characters in the ID name of an MSX object given its internal index number. 
MSXgetID        - Retrieves the ID name of an MSX object given its internal index number.
MSXgetcount     - Retrieves the number of objects of a specific type.
MSXgetspecies   - Retrieves the attributes of a chemical species given its internal index number.
MSXgetinitqual  -  Retrieves the initial concentration of a particular chemical species assigned
                to a specific node or link of the pipe network.
MSXgetqual      - Retrieves the concentration of a chemical species at a specific
                node or link of the network at the current simulation time step.
MSXgetconstant  - Retrieves the value of a particular reaction constant.
MSXgetparameter - Retrieves the value of a particular reaction parameter for a
                given pipe or tank within the pipe network.
MSXgetsource    - Retrieves information on any external source of a particular
                chemical species assigned to a specific node of the pipe network.
MSXgetpatternlen    - Retrieves the number of time periods within a source time pattern.
MSXgetpatternvalue  - Retrieves the multiplier at a specific time period for a given source time pattern.
MSXgeterror     - Returns the text for an error message given its error code.
MSXsetconstant  - Assigns a new value to a specific reaction constant.
MSXsetparameter - Assigns a value to a particular reaction parameter for a given pipe or tank within the pipe network. 
MSXsetinitqual  - Assigns an initial concentration of a particular chemical species
                to a specific node or link of the pipe network.
MSXsetsource    - Sets the attributes of an external source of a particular chemical
                species to a specific node of the pipe network.
MSXsetpattern   - Assigns a new set of multipliers to a given MSX source time pattern.
MSXsetpatternvalue  - Assigns a new value to the multiplier for a specific time period
                    in a given MSX source time pattern.
MSXaddpattern   - Adds a new, empty MSX source time pattern to the project.
